README.md, before:

# _Galactic Age Calculator_

#### _This application can tell your relative age on other planets in our galaxy, 6.26.2020_

#### By _**Taylor Phillips**_

## Description

_This calculator can receive an age provided by the user and convert to an estimated age if you lived on another planet, with respect to that planet's solar years.  For instance, Earth has a solar year consisting of 365 days, and Mercury only has a solar year consisting of 88 days, therefore you would be much older if you had been living with respect to Mercury solar years._

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :-------------     | :------------- | :------------- |
| Method will receive an age and return the age in Earth years | 33  | 33 on Earth  |
| Method will receive an age and return the age in Mercury years  | 33  | 137 on Mercury |
| Method will receive an age and return the age in Venus years  | 33  | 53 on Venus |
| Method will receive an age and return the age in Mars years  | 33  | 17 on Mars |
| Method will recieve an age and return the age in Jupiter years  | 33  | 2 on Jupiter  |

| Method will receive an age and compare to life expectancy so that if you have not reached life expectancy, result will be how many more years you are expected to live on Earth | 33  | You have 47 more Earth years remaining  |
| Method will receive an age and compare to life expectancy so that if inputted age exceeds life expectancy, result will be how many years you have exceeded in Earth Years | 85  | You have exceeded by 5 Earth years  |
| Method will take user age and if it is equal to life expectancy then it will tell you that | 80 | "You are at life expectancy on Earth" |

| User inputted age (in Mercury Solar years) will be subtracted from life expectancy and remaining years in Mercury Solar time will be returned  | 100  | 37 Mercury years remaining  |
| User inputted age will be converted to mercury solar years and if you have exceeded life expectancy on that planet it will tell you by how many mercury solar years |  150  | You've exceeded by 13 Mercury years |
| If you User inputted age is at life expectancy, the output will reflect that  | 137 | "You're at life expectancy" |

|
|
|

|
|
|

|
|
|

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Install Git Bash_
* _Using a Terminal on desktop, user will need to type git init_
* _go to this repository and clone then Open in Desktop_
* _Will likely need Git for Desktop which can be found here: https://help.github.com/en/desktop/getting-started-with-github-desktop/installing-github-desktop_
* _Clone file to desktop from repo on github_
* _You will need to have npm installed on your computer_
* _Using your command line terminal, enter 'cd Desktop'.
* _Then in command terminal type cd Galactic-CalcWk5 or name of parent folder_
* _Use npm install in command line and allow computer to install webpacks_  
* _run index.html with web browser_
* _Other option is to go to Repository on git hub and download zip_
* _Retrieve zip file in downloads on computer and double click to unpack_
* _Find the project folder on desktop or downloads folder_
* _Run index.html with web browser

## Known Bugs

No known bugs at this time

## Support and contact details

_Contact me via my github!  https://github.com/tayphill13_

## Technologies Used

_HTML_
_CSS_
_Bootstrap_
_JavaScript_
_JQuery_
_VSCode_

### License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Taylor Phillips_**

Commit message:

edit my readme for some markdown errors and added the next specs I will be working on for venus and for mars calculations

README.md, after:

# _Galactic Age Calculator_

#### _This application can tell your relative age on other planets in our galaxy, 6.26.2020_

#### By _**Taylor Phillips**_

## Description

_This calculator can receive an age provided by the user and convert to an estimated age if you lived on another planet, with respect to that planet's solar years.  For instance, Earth has a solar year consisting of 365 days, and Mercury only has a solar year consisting of 88 days, therefore you would be much older if you had been living with respect to Mercury solar years._


### Technical Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :-------------     | :------------- | :------------- |
| Method will receive an age and return the age in Earth years | 33  | 33 on Earth  |
| Method will receive an age and return the age in Mercury years  | 33  | 137 on Mercury |
| Method will receive an age and return the age in Venus years  | 33  | 53 on Venus |
| Method will receive an age and return the age in Mars years  | 33  | 17 on Mars |
| Method will recieve an age and return the age in Jupiter years  | 33  | 2 on Jupiter  |
|   |  |  |
| Method will receive an age and subtract from life expectancy (set at 80 years) to return estimated years remaining on Earth | 33  | You have 47 more Earth years remaining  |
| Method will receive an age and if older than life expectancy will return how many years over that life expectancy you've gone | 85  | You have exceeded by 5 Earth years  |
| Method will take user age and if it is equal to life expectancy then it will tell you that | 80 | "You are at life expectancy on Earth" |
|   |   |   |
| User inputted age (in Mercury Solar years) will be subtracted from life expectancy and remaining years in Mercury Solar time will be returned  | 33  | 196 Mercury years remaining  |
| User inputted age will be converted to mercury solar years and if you have exceeded life expectancy on that planet it will tell you by how many mercury solar years |  85  | You've exceeded by 21 Mercury years |
| If you User inputted age is at life expectancy, the output will reflect that  | 80 (333 Mercury Years) | "You're at life expectancy on Mercury" |
|   |   |   |
| User inputted age will be converted to Venus Solar years then subtracted from life expectancy to tell you how many Venus Solar years you have remaining until you reach life expectancy on that planet  | 33  |  76 years remaining in Venus Years |
| User age will be converted to Venus Solar time and if age is over life expectancy, it will tell you by how many venus years   |  85  |  You've exceeded by 8 Venus years  |
| If user age is at life expectancy, application will say so | 80 (129 Venus Years) | "You're at life expectancy on Venus"  |
|   |   |   |
| Converted Mars age will be subtracted from the life expectancy to tell you how many estimated Mars years you have remaining   | 33  |  25 years remaining in Mars Years |
| Converted Mars age will be subtracted from the life expectancy--If you have exceeded the life expectancy, it will tell you by home many years on that planet you've exceeded  |  85 |  You've exceeded by 2 Mars years  |
| If the converted Mars Age is equal to the life expectancy then it will return a message informing you of this |  80 |  You are at the life expectancy on Mars |
|   |     |     |
|
|
|

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Install Git Bash_
* _Using a Terminal on desktop, user will need to type git init_
* _go to this repository and clone then Open in Desktop_
* _Will likely need Git for Desktop which can be found here: https://help.github.com/en/desktop/getting-started-with-github-desktop/installing-github-desktop_
* _Clone file to desktop from repo on github_
* _You will need to have npm installed on your computer_
* _Using your command line terminal, enter 'cd Desktop'_
* _Then in command terminal type cd Galactic-CalcWk5 or name of parent folder_
* _Use npm install in command line and allow computer to install webpacks_  
* _run index.html with web browser_
* _Other option is to go to Repository on git hub and download zip_
* _Retrieve zip file in downloads on computer and double click to unpack_
* _Find the project folder on desktop or downloads folder_
* _Run index.html with web browser_

## Known Bugs

No known bugs at this time

## Support and contact details

_Contact me via my github!  https://github.com/tayphill13_

## Technologies Used

_HTML_
_CSS_
_Bootstrap_
_JavaScript_
_JQuery_
_VSCode_

### License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Taylor Phillips_**
